2006-2009 dont NEED a site, but could benefit from it. 2010M is patched the same, but might be buggy without one.

Most of these are only one parters, so they will be shown as such.

Trust Check: 
string search "trust check failed for %s" and jmp it. There may be two, so do both.

Player names and ids:
string search "set a player's id" or "set a player's name", change the push 0x5 (or whatever the push below them is) to push 0x0

extranet:
string search "extranet" and jmp it



SITE PATCH (only really needed for 2010):
1. Search roblox.com
2. Replace all of the roblox.com links shown. (using the same method as for the Public Key)
3. Control + E to replace!
(There is a check for how long the site name is, try to shoot for a 10 character name)
4!!! READ ME!!!: Do appdata.xml AFTER you do site patch. dont do it before you patch! Or i wil kill you!

IN THE CASE YOUR SITE IS OVER 10 CHARACTERS:

Find the hex length of your site. For example, roblox.com is A, so if my site was roblox2.xyz, it'd be B
Above most of the roblox.com things in the list, is a push then the site length. Change it to the length of your site.

USING EXTREMELY LONG SITES:

If your site is over 12 characters, it might be too long for normal methods to be used. You'll have to do some extra steps.

1. Scroll down to the bottom of the dump, there should be plenty of free space down there.
2. Type your site in. EXAMPLE: thissiteissocool.cf
3. Right click on the first character (in my example its t) and copy the address.
4. Go to the roblox.com, and double click it (not the comment, the push 0x?????)
5. Change push 0x?????? to whatever address is in your clipboard.



2010 fixes:

GetScriptState.ashx is needed for 2010 to function. It is located in the asset folder on your website. Just create it, and use the web archive to find what it responds.

Health Bar is not built in to the client anymore, you'll have to find the healthbar asset. You can also do this locally by putting the HealthScript RBXM into character.rbxm
inside of the content folder